there's a place almost like it was
surreal at that moment as the doctor you
know placed her hand on mind and she
just said you know I'm so sorry and
obviously I you know I was heartbroken
so on October 2nd 2012 I miscarried my
son at just 16 weeks even though I was
16 weeks along I had been carrying our
son dead for two weeks and I just didn't
know I'll never forget when the nurse
placed him in my hand I just never in my
wildest dreams would have imagined that
at 14 weeks my son filling the length of
my hand eyes ears nose fingers toes feet
I mean everything as we went through
that process and we were gripped with
emotion and grief and really didn't know
how to walk through what was going on
God was just there in a really special
way through what happened God started
giving these songs just what he had
revealed himself to be through that loss
that's where God birthed the vision for
this CD
the name of the album is titled
treasures of darkness and this is
actually from a scripture in Isaiah 45 3
that's one that a mentor of mine told me
about I guess a few years ago and I
always was kind of puzzled by this
phrase treasures of Darkness Isaiah 45 3
I will give you hidden treasures riches
stored in secret places so that you may
know that I am the Lord the God of
Israel who's 70 by name in that hospital
room I had any this incredible God
encounter in the midst of that grief God
drew near to me to my heart in a way
that I've never ever experienced and I
will never forget I truly felt like God
was with me Emmanuel I heard this phrase
and I was puzzled I just heard we've
been deceived I don't think women know
how formed these babies are when they
decide to end their pregnancies as
months went by I just couldn't shake
that initial thought the phrase we've
been deceived and I brought it back to
this passion I've had for years which is
you know abortion I just something that
just grieves my heart so much and so
treasures of Darkness also alludes to
the treasures of darkness that are
hidden in a woman's womb and we're just
wanting to bring to light the work that
God is doing inside of a woman's womb
just come alongside them and say hey
we'll support you
we'll we'll be there with you as you say
yes to life
no fears all the noise that you can the
voices ringing I just felt like God put
in my heart why not since God was
combining these passions of life and
music why not just give the proceeds of
this project to buy an ultrasound I just
had that thought and in media I was like
yeah that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna I don't know how we're gonna do it
but that's what we're gonna do
I didn't even know I was like okay who
needs an ultrasound is this actually a
legitimate need and so I started talking
with a crisis pregnancy center here in
Austin called Austin life care there was
a couple of things I was talking to them
about and and this was one and I just
said is that even something that you
need and they said that's crazy because
we have been needing double of
everything because we just took over
ownership of a clinic in Leander and so
it just blew my mind that God would put
it on my heart to provide for a new that
they had that they'd have been praying
for
my hopes for the CD is that people will
listen and walk away with a deeper sense
of God being close to you in those
broken places in your life whether it's
the loss of a friend or difficulties in
your marriage or maybe you also walked
through something like I did miscarriage
there's something on this CD I think
that will minister to that hurt God is a
redeemer and I hope and pray people hear
that in these songs and I hope and pray
that people are inspired to draw close
to God in the midst of their hurt and
see him and experience him in a way they
never had before